[Go SDK] Go SDK Exits Experimental (#15894)
apache/beam: website/www/site/content/en/roadmap/connectors-go-sdk.md

Roadmap for connectors developed using Go SDK.

* Go SDK plans to utilize currently available Java and Python connectors
through cross-language transforms feature.
  * KafkaIO via Java - DONE
  * BigQuery via Java - In Progress
  * Beam SQL via Java

> * The Go SDK supports SplittableDoFns for Batch, so scalable batch transforms are possible.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The Go SDK supports SplittableDoFns for bounded pipelines, so scalable bounded pipelines are possible.
```
